Update KF on MicroK8s docs (#2337)
kubeflow/website: content/en/docs/started/workstation/kubeflow-on-microk8s.md

## Introduction

> Kubeflow is built-in on MicroK8s.

Reviewer: Sorry, KF can exist without MicroK8s and the original first paragraph (below) already covers that MicroK8s can be used as one of the ways to deploy KF locally. So this sentence may not be necessary (and I'm no 100% sure about the correct grammatical use of "built-in" here, though I may be wrong)

Author: Hey @8bitmp3, the idea here is that besides being an underlying K8s, as for instance MiniKube, MicroK8s comes with Kubeflow already built-in as an add-on. That is what allows for `microk8s enable kubeflow`

Author: WDYT?

Reviewer: > MicroK8s comes with Kubeflow already built-in as an add-on.

Gotcha. I'm with you. We should probably use what you mentioned and rephrase it, since it's so 🚀 Let's add this sentence to the introductory sentence (in the same first paragraph) like so:

```diff
This guide describes how to deploy and run Kubeflow using [MicroK8s](https://microk8s.io/) - a small enterprise Kubernetes cluster — locally on built-in hypervisors.
+ MicroK8s comes with Kubeflow already built-in as an add-on.
```

## Introduction

> This guide describes how to deploy and run Kubeflow on [MicroK8s](https://microk8s.io/) - a small enterprise Kubernetes cluster — locally on built-in hypervisors.

Reviewer 2: I think this isn't very clearly expressed. Perhaps something like:
This guide describes how to deploy and run Kubeflow locally with [MicroK8s](https://microk8s.io/) - a small enterprise Kubernetes cluster.

Author: Thank you for the input @evilnick! I'll update

> Kubeflow comes already built-in as a MicroK8s add-on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MicroK8s comes with a built-in Kubeflow add-on.
```

WDYT

Author: Here the order of Kubeflow 1st makes sense because users are not looking for Microk8s but rather an easy way to get Kubeflow. 

"Kubeflow is already built-in as a MicroK8s add-on." ?

Reviewer: Gotcha. Maybe: "Kubeflow is already built into MicroK8s as an add-on." And to make sure the paragraph(s) have cohesion, maybe we can add a little explainer so that it kind of flows:

```suggestion
Kubeflow is already built into MicroK8s as an add-on. This means once you install MicroK8s, you can start deploying Kubeflow straight away."
```

(as in `microk8s enable kubeflow`)

WDYT

**Note:** You need MicroK8s version 1.18 and above to enable and run Kubeflow.

> 1. Install MicroK8s with [Snap](https://snapcraft.io/) by running the following command:

Reviewer: This was added, I think, in case someone didn't have Snap installed (and skipped one of the previous paragraphs). I'd recommend leaving this here ("with [Snap](...)...")

Reviewer: A lot of information is probably not read but scanned by users, depending on the cognitive workload.

Author: The point here was to not direct users away from the docs, and snapcraft.io is a store, so it will not really provide great help, I think that if users don't have snaps they will be able to see it in the command and find how to get snaps to work on their Linux distro

    ```
    sudo snap install microk8s --classic
    ```

> 2. Add current user to admin group:

Reviewer: @RFMVasconcelos Hi! Since you're using `$USER`, I assume the "current user" is the reader:

```suggestion
2. Add yourself (the current user) to admin group:
```

Author: Makes sense :)

Author: Fixed!

>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```shell
```

Maybe we should update the doc to add `shell` to the code-block stuff for improved command-line rendering in Markdown. Can you please implement this across the doc where it's missing?

Author: Done!

**Note:** You need MicroK8s version 1.18 and above to enable and run Kubeflow.

1. Install MicroK8s by running the following command:

    ```shell
    sudo snap install microk8s --classic
    ```

2. Add yourself (current user) to admin group:

    ```shell
    sudo usermod -a -G microk8s $USER
    sudo chown -f -R $USER ~/.kube
    ```

>     You will have to `exit` the current session and log-in again for this change to take effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

    You will have to `exit` the current session and log-in again for this change to take effect.
```

    The deployment process may take a few minutes. Once it is complete, the script will print out the port number and credentials to access the Kubeflow dashboard.

> 5. **Optional:** To enable NVIDIA GPU hardware support, also run `microk8s enable gpu`.

Reviewer: (Just a suggestion)

```suggestion
5. **Optional:** If you want to enable NVIDIA GPU hardware support, also run the `microk8s enable gpu` command.
```

Author: Here I think less is more :)

## Accessing the Kubeflow dashboard

> 

Reviewer: Line 68 - maybe "Logout" should be "Log out" (as in "The user needs to log out [_verb_] of the session..."). Can you please check this?

Author: Nice catch!

Author: Fixed!
